README.md, before:

# Project Name

[Project Instructions](./INSTRUCTIONS.md), this line may be removed once you have updated the README.md

## Description

Your project description goes here. What problem did you solve? How did you solve it?

Additional README details can be found [here](https://github.com/PrimeAcademy/readme-template/blob/master/README.md).


## To Do List

[x] Add redux to index.js
[x] Set up redux and redux logger
[x] Create components & set up navigation in App.jsx
[x] Complete StepOne component
    [x] Create a reducer for 'feeling'
    [x] Input validation
    [x] Save 'feeling' in reducer on click 'Next'
    [x] Navigate to next page on click 'Next'
[x] Complete StepTwo component
    [x] Create a reducer for 'understanding'
    [x] Input validation
    [x] Save 'understanding' in reducer on click 'Next'
    [x] Navigate to next page on click 'Next'
[] Complete StepThree component
    [] Create a reducer for 'support'
    [] Input validation
    [] Save 'support' in reducer on click 'Next'
    [] Navigate to next page on click 'Next'
[] Complete StepFour component
    [] Create a reducer for 'comments'
    [] Save 'comments' in reducer on click 'Next'
[] Complete Review component
    [] Display feeling, understanding, support, and comments
    [] POST to server on click 'Submit'
    [] On click 'Submit' user is taken to a submission success page
[] Complete Success component
    [] Add button to Leave New Feedback
    [] Leave New Feedback button resets all data and brings user back to StepOne

Commit message:

StepThree: Create a reducer for 'support'

README.md, after:

# Project Name

[Project Instructions](./INSTRUCTIONS.md), this line may be removed once you have updated the README.md

## Description

Your project description goes here. What problem did you solve? How did you solve it?

Additional README details can be found [here](https://github.com/PrimeAcademy/readme-template/blob/master/README.md).


## To Do List

[x] Add redux to index.js
[x] Set up redux and redux logger
[x] Create components & set up navigation in App.jsx
[x] Complete StepOne component
    [x] Create a reducer for 'feeling'
    [x] Input validation
    [x] Save 'feeling' in reducer on click 'Next'
    [x] Navigate to next page on click 'Next'
[x] Complete StepTwo component
    [x] Create a reducer for 'understanding'
    [x] Input validation
    [x] Save 'understanding' in reducer on click 'Next'
    [x] Navigate to next page on click 'Next'
    [] Next button saves 'understanding' in reducer and moves user to next page
[] Complete StepThree component
    [] Create a reducer for 'support'
    [] Input validation
    [] Save 'support' in reducer on click 'Next'
    [] Navigate to next page on click 'Next'
[] Complete StepFour component
    [] Create a reducer for 'comments'
    [] Save 'comments' in reducer on click 'Next'
[] Complete Review component
    [] Display feeling, understanding, support, and comments
    [] POST to server on click 'Submit'
    [] On click 'Submit' user is taken to a submission success page
[] Complete Success component
    [] Add button to Leave New Feedback
    [] Leave New Feedback button resets all data and brings user back to StepOne
